# HelloWorldWebsite
The WebApp cum Website is under development. Link for the development server: http://hello-world15.herokuapp.com  Note: For the contributors- You are free to make changes in this repository. Just be under some code of conduct while contributing and please follow the rules as mentioned The Website is made with the help of Django Framework. So the contributor having knowledge of HTML, CSS, Javascript, Python can contribute to this repository.  Client side languages used: HTML - (Hyper Text MarkUp Language) - It's not a language rather its just a markup which defines a webpage and tells the browser that how to display an element on it. CSS - (Cascading Style Sheet) - It is used for the styling of the webpage. By using this we can define and apply different property to the HTML elements by the use of Classes and IDs. JavaScript - It is a client sided scripting language. It means JavaScript scripts are read, interpreted and executed in the client, which is your Web browser. It is used to create responsive, interactive elements for web pages, enhancing the user experience.  Server sided language used: Python - It is a general purpose scripting language. Nowadays, It is one of the most popular programming language. It is used to make WebApps, GUI, Mobile apps, etc. But here it is used to handle the server.  Framework: Django - This WebApp is made with the help of Django, which is a python Web Framework. Basically, A framework is a collection of programs that do something useful and which you can use to develop your own applications. It have some set of rules which one have to follow for making up the Application. All the languages mentioned above are bind together and used inside this framework. And all these make up our WebApp.     Setting up the WebApp 1.) Clone the projectc onto your local machine.  2.) Unzip the folder and open it in some IDE or some code-editor like - PyCharm, VS-Code, Atom, etc.  3.) Set up a virtual environment fot it. Open the terminal in the current folder and write the given command. virtualenv &lt;foldername> &lt;path> For Example:  virtualenv venv . It will create a virtual environment with a folder name - venv in the current directory  4.) Now activate the virtual environment by writing the following command: FOR WINDOWS  cd venv/scripts then  activate .  FOR MACBOOK and LINUX  source venv/scripts/activate This will activate the virtual environment. You can assure it by seeing (venv) in front of the C:/path 5.) Change the path to the main folder (where the manage.py and requirements.txt files are present) You can change it by - change directory (cd) command.  cd &lt;path name>  ## For previous directory cd ../ For current directory cd ./  6.) Install all the requirements in the requirements.txt file by using pip pip install -r requirements.txt  7.) After installing you can verify whether all the requirements have been installed or not by using:  pip freeze  8.)After the installation process have been finished, you can run the development server by: FOR WINDOWS  python manage.py runserver &lt;port> For Example:  python manage.py runserver 8000 It will start the development server on port 8000, that's -> 127.0.0.1:8000 or localhost:8000  SAME FOR MACBAOOK and LINUX * python3 manage.py runserver &lt;port>  9.)Now you can go through the App and make changes and contribute to the Open Source  Code of Conduct Please be specific in writing code. Before writing it, please understand how the previous code is regulated.  In HTML File: After writing the code for a particular division, please leave 2 lines after each block. Also, be sure to comment it before and after writing it. So, that if any other contributor wants some changes, then he/she can do it easily.  In CSS File: After defining css for a class, id, attribute, or the element tag itself, then: -- Leave one line after defining the CSS for the the parent and its children block element in the HTML file. -- Leave two lines after defining the CSS for the another parent element For example --> If you have made a  &lt;!--Comment 1 --> &lt;div class="class1">   &lt;div class="child">&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;!--comment end -->  &lt;!--And-->  &lt;!--Comment-2 --> &lt;div class="class2">   &lt;div class="child">&lt;/div> &lt;/div> &lt;!--Comment Ends--> Then, You should make comments and while defining its CSS, the rule for it is:  /*Comment-1*/ .class1{ &lt;CSS Property> }  .child{ &lt;CSS Property> } /*Comment Ends*/   /*Comment-1*/ .class2{ &lt;CSS Property> }  .child{ &lt;CSS Property> } /*Comment Ends*/ Please make sure not to forget the comments as it provides other contributors to understand the code properly.  In JavaScript and Python: The same rule apply to these also. Commenting after each function and describing what the function does and leave 2 spaces after each function after defining.  For Example- In Js:  //Comments here const function1 = (arg) => { //Function defined here                //ES6 functions using const }  //Comment ends   //comment-2 function function2(arg){ //Function defined here                //Old fashioned function } //comment ends Similarly, In python:  #Comment-1 def function1(arg):   #define the function here #comment ends  #Comment-1 def function2(arg):   #define the function here #comment ends  Use of requirements.txt file If You want to use any other library or function which need an import or needed to be downloaded there is a file requirements.txt You can specify the library or function there also its version. For Example, if we have used any integration for payment like Razorpay having version 1.0.3, then:  razorpay==1.0.3  Please write the requirements.txt file in alphabetical orderwise.  Again, if you wants to see which are the requirements which are already installed in the virtual environment, then you can run the pip freeze command and it will show every requirement installed in your virtual environment (If You have not installed a virtual environment, please see point number 3 above, or click on the link.)  pip freeze This command will give all the requirements which is installed like if we have installed razorpay, Then, it will give -  razorpay==1.0.3 as a result. If you don't know how to install requirements, please refer Point number 6
